## [Norms for Thursdays at Ada](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fdwYZOnaOfrCvQNywJofu8caB_gMEMCG8ZFJJjO_1ww/edit)

- Attendance at Thursdays at Ada is required for graduation from the program. However, we understand that sometimes things come up and external circumstances may cause you to miss a session. If you need to miss a CS Fundamentals lesson, please let Chris know 24 hours in advance where possible. If you need to miss a Career Development session, please let Rachel know 24 hours in advance where possible. 
- CS Fundamentals assignments are a required part of your continuing education and graduation requirements.  You need to complete 7 of the 8 exercises for CS Fundamentals.  If you need assistance please contact your instructors and make use of the TAs. Additionally, you will occasionally be asked to submit things for the Career Development side. These are also required. 
- Career Development facilitators and speakers are volunteers who are excited to share their expertise with you. With that in mind, please keep your video on during Thursdays at Ada sessions (barring extenuating circumstances), and try to stay as engaged as possible (answering questions, responding in the chat, participating in interactive breakout sessions or sharing out your thoughts if you are comfortable). 
- Thursdays at Ada is designed with you in mind and based off of feedback from previous cohorts’ suggestions. The more feedback you provide on which sessions you find most helpful or not helpful will help us make this a better experience for everyone. Please fill out the 1-minute survey after the end of each session so we can better support you. Our goal is to make the sessions as engaging and interactive as possible and we welcome your feedback on how we can improve in this area!
